README.md, before:

# Definitive Engine

 - ## What is it? 
	  Definitive Engine is all about making modding a breeze! It's built on top of the base game, so you can easily customize it. There is currently an extremely detailed wiki that covers everything from modding the the engine externally to diving into the source code. Don't think that all of this documentation and information on how to use the engine means everything is hard to use though, because we want this engine to be as easy to mod as possible. We don't want this engine to be too cluttered, and keep a lot of the base game aspects. We want it to act like a clean slate of fnf from the surface, but once you dig deep, we want people to feel like this engine can do basically anything without too much difficulty.
   
 -  ## How deep really is the wiki? 	
	 The detailed modding wiki provides an in-depth tutorial on how to use lua and hscript in Definitive engine, and on how to modify Definitive Engine in source. It covers various aspects like customizing gameplay mechanics, creating new assets, and even implementing your own features. It also has the features of basic documentation, like explaining functions, variables, etc. in detail, as well as examples on how to use them.
	 
- ## Is modding the engine really that easy?
	Yes! The modding of this engine is very simple, yet it can get more and more complex the more you want to do. adding weeks include a simple 3 line xml file, adding songs doesn't need separate folders(data folder for chart and songs folder for music) not because there is only a songs folder. You can drag a packaged mod(.dem files(stands for definitive engine mod)) into the "mods/packagedMods" folder and they will automatically load in the game, and you can package mods by using the mod packager in the editors menu. The characters folder contain the characters json, xml, and images in one folder. Your song will have a assets folder in the song for assets specifically for the song. This is just scratching the surface by the way. you can also use hscript and lua in your song to do all kinds of things! you can make menus, replace menus, etc. if you want to dig deeper though. A lot of information, tutorials, and documentation is on the wiki page so if your curious, check that out.


- ## What Features does this engine have?
	1. Light CPU Strums (Opponent notes glow when they hit a note)
	2. Rating added to the score text
	3.  Accuracy added to the score text
	4. Health Bar Colors
	5. Custom Icon Functionality
	6. Custom Week Loading
	7. Icon bop on note hit
	8. Custom hscript and lua support
 
 - ##  What we are planning to add: 
	  1. Lua/Hscript that also supports things like notitg-type modcharts or regular modcharts, moving the window or moving things out of the window using a custom window library, adding shaders, making entire coding languages, custom menus, videos in the menus or in songs, etc.
	  2. Custom Character Functionality
	  3. A Stage Editor
	  4. A Shader Editor
	  5. A Menu Editor
	  6. A Modchart Editor
	  7. Improved performance
	  8. better hit detection
	  9. A new and improved options menu
	  10. A new credits menu
	  
	And way more in the future! 

 - ## Some extra information
	 Please make sure to give feedback, feature requests, bugs, or questions in the Issues section of this repository. Any outside help using pull requests would be appreciated and if we use your addition, you will be credited. Any offers to help work on this engine are HIGHLY appreciated, as there is currently a very small team of people working on this huge project. There will be a changelog along with each build of the engine, along with source code.

- ## Credits for this engine:
	**Coders:**
	- ZSolarDev (Coded a LOT of stuff, and created this whole markdown file.)
	- IceTom (Coded some stuff)
	- Barlizarlk (Made the menus look pretty)

	**Artist:**
	- PK (Made all of the art for the engine)

(PS: More Will Be Added In The Future, such as images and more features added to the list of features and what we are planning to add. I've also been thinking about making a website for everything Definitive engine. Maybe it will be a thing one day, who knows. Also this whole file was made by ZSolarDev, I did a lot of things in this engine now that I think about it.)

Commit message:

Broken Options menu guys!!!
Also i changed the README.md to include aura

README.md, after:

# Definitive Engine

 - ## What is it? 
	  Definitive Engine is all about making modding a breeze! It's built on top of the base game, so you can easily customize it. There is currently an extremely detailed wiki that covers everything from modding the the engine externally to diving into the source code. Don't think that all of this documentation and information on how to use the engine means everything is hard to use though, because we want this engine to be as easy to mod as possible. We don't want this engine to be too cluttered, and keep a lot of the base game aspects. We want it to act like a clean slate of fnf from the surface, but once you dig deep, we want people to feel like this engine can do basically anything without too much difficulty.
   
 -  ## How deep really is the wiki? 	
	 The detailed modding wiki provides an in-depth tutorial on how to use lua and hscript in Definitive engine, and on how to modify Definitive Engine in source. It covers various aspects like customizing gameplay mechanics, creating new assets, and even implementing your own features. It also has the features of basic documentation, like explaining functions, variables, etc. in detail, as well as examples on how to use them.
	 
- ## Is modding the engine really that easy?
	Yes! The modding of this engine is very simple, yet it can get more and more complex the more you want to do. adding weeks include a simple 3 line xml file, adding songs doesn't need separate folders(data folder for chart and songs folder for music) not because there is only a songs folder. You can drag a packaged mod(.dem files(stands for definitive engine mod)) into the "mods/packagedMods" folder and they will automatically load in the game, and you can package mods by using the mod packager in the editors menu. The characters folder contain the characters json, xml, and images in one folder. Your song will have a assets folder in the song for assets specifically for the song. This is just scratching the surface by the way. you can also use hscript and lua in your song to do all kinds of things! you can make menus, replace menus, etc. if you want to dig deeper though. A lot of information, tutorials, and documentation is on the wiki page so if your curious, check that out.


- ## What Features does this engine have?
	- Light CPU Strums (Opponent notes glow when they hit a note)
	- Rating added to the score text
	- Accuracy added to the score text
	- Misses added to the score text
	- Custom Week Loading
	- Custom hscript and lua support
	- A better hit detection
 
 - ##  What we are planning to add: 
	  - Lua/Hscript that also supports things like notitg-type modcharts or regular modcharts, moving the window or moving things out of the window using a custom window library, adding shaders, making entire coding languages, custom menus, videos in the menus or in songs, etc.
	  - Custom Character Functionality
	  - Health Bar Colors
	  - A Stage Editor
	  - A Shader Editor
	  - A Menu Editor
	  - Custom Icon Functionality
	  - A Modchart Editor
	  - Improved Performance
	  - Icon Bop On Note Hit
	  - A Options Menu
	  - A Credits Menu
	  
	And way more in the future! 

 - ## Some extra information
	 Please make sure to give feedback, feature requests, bugs, or questions in the Issues section of this repository. Any outside help using pull requests would be appreciated and if we use your addition, you will be credited. Any offers to help work on this engine are HIGHLY appreciated, as there is currently a very small team of people working on this huge project. There will be a changelog along with each build of the engine, along with source code.

- ## Credits for this engine:
	**Coders:**
	- ZSolarDev (Coded a LOT of stuff, and created this whole markdown file.)
	- Aura (Coded nothing yet)
	- IceTom (Coded literally nothing)
	- Barlizarlk (Made the menus look pretty)

	**Artist:**
	- PK (Made all of the art for the engine)

(PS: More Will Be Added In The Future, such as images and more features added to the list of features and what we are planning to add. I've also been thinking about making a website for everything Definitive engine. Maybe it will be a thing one day, who knows. Also this whole file was made by ZSolarDev, I did a lot of things in this engine now that I think about it.)
